Added in release notes for preview 3 (#6683)
dotnet/machinelearning: docs/release-notes/3.0-preview/release-3.0.0-preview.md

- **Update timeout error message in AutoMLExperiment** ([#6613](https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning/pull/6613)) - Updated the error message so it is more clear what happened.
- **Add batchsize and arch to imageClassification SweepableTrainer** ([#6597](https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning/pull/6597)) - Added batchsize and arch to the ImageClassification SweepableTrainer so those can now be trained on.
- **Update max_model when trial fails** ([#6596](https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning/pull/6596))
- **Add default search space for standard trainers** ([#6576](https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning/pull/6576)) - Added a default search space for all standard trainers so users have reasonable default values.
- **Adding more metrics to BinaryClassification Experiment** ([#6571](https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning/pull/6571))
- **Add checkAlive in NasBertTrainer** ([#6546](https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning/pull/6546)) - Now we check between batches if cancellation was requestion and stop processing if so.

> - **Bail to default implementation if anything happens - OneDal** ([#6538](https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning/pull/6538)) - If you specify you want to use OneDal but something happens that prevents you from using it, like it can't find the binaries/etc, it will auto default back to the normal implementation instead of crashing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **OneDAL - Fallback to default implementation** ([#6538](https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning/pull/6538)) - If you specify you want to use OneDal but something happens that prevents you from using it, like it can't find the binaries/etc, it will auto default back to the normal implementation instead of crashing.
```
